The background 
will be an excel like dark-green and white color with a dark green 
header and footer and a white grid-like center. 

The header
will contain the program's name on a darkgreen background.

The todos
will be white but with a box-shadow to visually distinguish them 
from the background. 

The todos
will contain a title, description, dueDate, and priority level - 
These levels will be level 1-3, level one being a green inner border,
level 2 orange, level 3 red. The level will be shown by changing the
priority level color. 1 = green, 2 = orange, 3 = red. The todos will 
show their title on top by default and will show the full to-do once
clicked upon, a second click hides it again. The todo will also contain
an icon in the top left so that it can be deleted (red letter x).

The prompts
will be given via the dialogue tag. This will be used to ask for the 
todo's details.

The layout 
will contain a title at the top in the header, below this 
is a scrollable row with functionality, below this is a 
scrollable row of projects, you can create new projects 
with a function from the function bar called "New Project". 
The projects each will contain their individual list of to-dos. 

The footer
will contain my copyright and a link to my github

The functionality
at its core, the create new project function will create a project in
the projects bar. These will all be their inner space with their own 
inner to-dos. This will be loaded in via JS creating a new empty state
of to-dos within this newly made project. The project itself will
thus be something of a constructor which then will also have space for
its own to-dos. Each project should thus have a way to indicate that 
it is currently active, this way the correct to-dos-list can be appended
to the project. Each to-do will be generated from a to-do module (file)
and imported into the file that creates projects. These projects will
then be imported into the index.js master-file. The to-dos will get their
own functionality-bar "Create Todo" function. There should also be an icon
in the functionality-bar to return to the home page. 

The folder-bar
will contain all existing projects, these will be represented by a folder
logo appended to the bar upon project-creation. if the folder is empty
the logo used will be an empty folder, upon creation of a todo the logo
will become a full folder, if the todo is deleted the empty folder logo 
should return. 